this swarm road exhibition ces 2013 stand
archos didn’t last year
managed to find this one
archos gamepad only found a tablet
sandwich on now managed
here it works it costs only 150
dollars this is really important
the main advantage is that its price tag
very pleasant
let's take a look at the body first and
we have a 7-inch screen here on the right there
buttons are standard buttons for all games
here there are two two analogs enough
conveniently about the same as on psp
there are such small buttons
select and start which is usually for
Consoles used here there are two
pin
and more precisely it is l2 and r2 and two more of these
here's the trigger too
on top of the volume and power buttons
food with dima by the way
full output can be a loss
play toys headphones to less
shoot almost full
and below we have a memory card slot
and that is good too what is bad here
little screen here
not very high quality tent film is
it was certainly done for such
good price tag and therefore there is not very
Dear took and used as you can see
viewing angles so-so resolution 1468
principle processor stands here
dual core half giga rockwell
and he assured us
running faster from the game i'm not sure
how fast it is running this game but
In principle, all menus work quickly and
in terms of price-quality ratio
as we were told again he is better again
same money 100 dollars to justify
let's see how the toy goes on
which we tested almost everything
our devices dead trigger ladies here
it will be possible to celebrate here with this
by all
buttons it by the way
supported exactly on date
the board here is already supported ded
trigger and in other games in which not
I'll show you a little later how
you can do that there is support
little know-how will be here this
buttons assign screen buttons
very cool this is a start for
tags like this here it all looks in
I don't notice strong brakes
here's a hammer can shoot at zombies
Likely to us many zombakov will
a little brakes but basically everything
It works smartly but the d-trigger it is generally in
this plan is very good great
adapted for different platforms in
principle
really goes on almost everything
Well, sometimes of course it slows down but in general
play play can play great
expert completely different you push already
not on the screen you have the whole screen is free you
you can just press these buttons
click here on this trigger very much
nice management comfortable besides
Tablet computers lightweight thin here from
batteries it will work exactly
if you play 3d toys in cool stuff
would be 3-4 hours in any such
light knife even less if you play
Some kind of such kazualki something
most likely you can lose there hours
5 if you just use it there
watch a video or listen to music there
it is possible and at ten o'clock like that
so alim constructor we unfortunately not
said as for the other games which
not adapted to this control here
for example there is an example of good
for example here is an example for example racing on
two cycles in extreme 2
Here on it and see here management
carried out from the screen screen
buttons as you probably know here they are
here are these buttons and to assign
one can not do anything as well, nothing can
he is now definitely doing it for him
such an operation we are not clicking on all these
buttons nothing can work
use screens but it is inconvenient
if we have such great joysticks
so click on this button pull
next button and here we assign to
one of the hardware son keys from
to the left this is our right jump we will have
but
there is something else for 3x
bullshit would suggest flooding so
I only jump myself I accelerate a
I control the corner with these buttons
and everything works in almost any game
this thing will work really
it is convenient to add at least to Engry Birds
but not only don't get up in
any sin land such here and gran
toys can be assigned hardware th
archos gamepad is not on a good device
worth only 150 dollars i
I recall really very good
price
these three loads are high ces 2013 look
subscribe if and the freshest
news of us